Update what-is-litmus.md (#255)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/faq-general.md

  value: 'FALSE' 
```

### How to restart chaosengine after graceful completion, or forceful abort scenario?

To restart chaosengine, check the `.spec.engineState`, which should be equal to `stop`, which means your chaosengine has gracefully completed, or forcefully aborted. In this case, restart is quite easy, as you can re-apply the chaosengine YAML to restart it. This will remove all chaos resources linked to this chaosengine, and restart its own lifecycle.

### How to add Custom Annotation rather than using the default one?

> Currently Litmus can only lets you can the key for Custom Annotation, the value being `true`/`false`. To use your custom annotation key, add this key under an ENV named as `CUSTOM_ANNOTATION` for litmus/chaos operator. A sample deployment spec is populated right here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Litmus allows you to set your own/custom keys for Annotation filters, the value being `true`/`false`. To use your custom annotation, add this key under an ENV named as `CUSTOM_ANNOTATION` in chaos operator deployment. A sample chaos-operator deployment spec is provided here for reference: 
```

```yaml
...
spec:
      containers:
      - command:
        - chaos-operator
        env:
        - name: CUSTOM_ANNOTATION
          value: mayadata.io/litmus
        - name: WATCH_NAMESPACE
        - name: POD_NAME
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
              apiVersion: v1
              fieldPath: metadata.name
        - name: OPERATOR_NAME
          value: chaos-operator
        image: litmuschaos/chaos-operator:1.3
        imagePullPolicy: Always
        name: chaos-operator
        resources: {}
        terminationMessagePath: /dev/termination-log

>         terminationMessagePolicy: File

Reviewer: generated stuff can be removed.
